and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business growth show I'm your host
Sam Dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and if you haven't yet
check out our weekly emails where I'm
sharing actual B2B marketing and website
tips useful podcasts goodies and more
you can give it a shot over at
businessgrowth dot email
so join me today I've got Mark Killens
marks the chief marketing officer over
at Amy Mark welcome to the show sir how
are you doing
hey I'm well how you doing today
yeah doing well thank you man looking
forward to this a fresh topic a fresh
discussion for the show we're gonna be
chatting all about exactly what event
led growth means and if it's worth it
for B2B companies for the audience
tuning in today
so with that said Mark could you give us
a snapshot because this term is fairly
new to me and I'm sure it is for for
many others what the heck does event led
growth actually mean
yeah yeah before we even get into the
definition let's talk about like the
problems I guess facing B2B go to market
today and love to have you kind of chime
in what you think the problems are for
me
and and you know how we think about it
at airmeat the first problem is B2B go
to market has been traditionally LED
from like a company kind of first
approach so meaning the brand is is
representing itself
um across all these different channels
right you know if you think back to the
Heyday of like inbound marketing it was
about let's publish content like your
business got to publish a lot of content
you got to engage in social media you
gotta you know use email effectively you
got to do all these things and what's
happened is so many companies now do
that right it's become the status quo
and what's happened is there's now a
whole new wave of what I call Brand spam
in the marketplace it's it's and it's
across all these different channels
um across a lot of types of content so
how do you stand out and and because of
this change so many buyers especially
buyers that are Maybe
age groups that are you know the the Gen
the Gen Z if you will or Millennials
they're more skeptical right but even
people that have been buying software
for 20 30 plus years or you know
skeptical and they only really at the
end of the day trust other people
um so there's a calm you know a
convoluted amount of things happening if
you will to B2B go to market not just in
marketing but in sales and CS that is
forcing uh a change to be had that
change is rethinking how you go to
market for more of a people first
approach so when you think about like
well what's a solution when you think
about people first go to market right
you think events in my opinion and an
event could be an online event an
in-person event a webinar a training but
anytime you get a group of people
together live Sam that's when I what I
think about as an event it has to be
live though live is key and with an
event you can't fake it like look at us
today it's people you can't you know we
represent the brand the Brand's the
platform if you will but we're
representing the brand so at the end of
the day we're trying to help people
change how they establish that trust
connect with the audience initially
think through that through a much more
people first event-led growth motion and
if you use more events throughout your
go to market
either at the top middle or bottom of
the funnel you should ultimately get
people to connect with you to deeper
level remember you a bit better
Captivate their attention a bit better
get better you know data and intent
signals which goes to a lot of the
notion of lead growth right product lead
growth sales like growth there has to be
some type of data data model behind it
um but at high level this is all about
like how I've seen B2B B2B go to market
change the last 15 years and I think
we're at this inflection point
um yeah yeah it's an interesting
discussion for sure
um and I think you're right like it's
it's hard to go to market for some
companies especially if you're in a
saturated industry like you say where
there's so much content out there so if
you're in a if you're trying to go to
market in a mature segment where there's
tons of competitors and perhaps the
offer that you provide has been around
for years and years and years and if
you're just knocking out the same
content that all your other competitions
doing then how are you going to
differentiate yourself how are you going
to stand out
um and I think you made an interesting
point about prospects being skeptical
um and that they want to see I suppose
the people behind the brand which is why
I suppose so many people these days are
having big success when it comes to
LinkedIn personal branding and the such
and the the belt that the whack the the
clout that that can have behind it
so people first approach
let's get a bit more into this
um so when I think you're you're teeing
up for this as well so when we say event
led does that mean things like what what
is that actually mean because when I
hear events these days I think of kind
of webinars and stuff like that and I in
my own brain have good and bad
connotations with webinars
um
so what yeah what to get to the meat of
it if you were to kind of give us a
two-liner on event led growth what what
would that look like
yeah it's using events of all types and
sizes in person online all types and
sizes
to help you discover engage and grow
your customers
that's what it is and how you do that
you're using signals of
buyer and customer intent because a
great event both before during and after
the event no matter if it's 30 minutes
or three days long
you're getting a lot and are able to if
you so choose you're able to collect a
lot of information about the people
signing up showing up engaging watching
the replays engaging after the fact
there was so much amazing data that you
can have just like a product like growth
motion you're getting all this great
usage data you can use this data to help
you accelerate the time to pipeline to
revenue if you use it in the right ways
first step is collecting it
actually the first step before even
collecting it is is is you know hosting
a good event I guess that's kind of at
the same time if you will but but
hosting a great event that people find
you know value in that they are excited
from
um and how do how do you do that you
need to have people you know it's a
people first experience events are
people first all day every day and then
you can collect it you gotta make sure
you have the right technology and you do
the right planning in order to collect
it there's so much data like I was
saying we can go to some examples but
then you need to actually use it and
action it like actually like say hey I
got all this great data for example we
had an awesome online event and we had
15 of our key accounts attend this event
did we in real time notify the account
owners that those people are at that
event do we tell them what they were
engaging with asking about if anything
did they follow up like there's just a
huge disconnect I think in most
organizations when it comes to that
um so we're trying to make it easy for
people to you know host great premium
webinars and in Dynamic events help them
collect amazing data about the people
coming to the event
um and then help take that
that signal those signals and and use
them in the Marketing sales and CS
functions at their companies
yeah yeah and I want to get into a sec
Mark kind of a almost a mini Playbook of
how we can set up an event that doesn't
suck because I'm sure you'll probably
agree with me at this I've sat on some
webinars where I've literally flicked
onto them for two minutes and all
they've done is talked about their
product or their company and then I've
switched straight off
um and I'm sure a lot of people have
done the same but then likewise I've
seen some great ones especially with um
Chris Walker's the state of demand gen
which now is revenue vitals which has
changed the game I think a lot in the
B2B market and there's been a few others
since
um so there's certainly a great way and
a terrible way to go about these things
um but for any
B2B businesses companies brands that
perhaps tuning in and thinking this
sounds like a a ton of work
what would you say to anyone that's
perhaps on the skeptical side of it on
the the advantages that it's going to
bring to the table
I mean is content a lot of work to
create what do you think
do you think I think on tennis
yeah I suppose it depends like I'm used
to it right because I'm doing this show
like three years so I'm kind of in the
swing of it and the plus side is I enjoy
it and I I co-run a business so I've I
suppose I'm at a slightly a better
advantage in the fact that I haven't got
any higher execs tying me down or any
red tape in my way
um yeah I can just kind of do my own
thing if you saw what I mean
yeah no I mean I think I think it
depends on like
um
you know what you think
like when you look at all your ways you
can you can go to market these days
um
like I guess it's like effort versus
impact right what are the activities
they're going to give you high high
impact low effort those are the ones you
want to do the most
um and for me if you think about like
a 30 minute online event yes you should
spend about an hour and a half to two
hours to plan the plan the event and do
prep and rehearsal whatever but that's
like a typical kind of webinar
um 30 minutes doing it and then a 30 to
60 Minutes following up that's like not
even a day Sam right so I don't know I
mean and think about how much data you
get right you can you can think about
well what data do I want to get upon
registration or do I just want to try to
enrich all those contacts what data do I
want to get during the event through
purpose-built questions polls games
um resources we share
how do I want to track people's
um
you know basically
signals of interest in the event through
what they click on what they don't click
on what they watch what they don't watch
same with after the event right like and
then how do I want to make sure that we
identify the accounts that matter to us
at the accounts that we don't really
care about and the buyers that matters
versus the virus that don't matter to us
at these events right like imagine if
you could do that with your show right
now
like that would be I think more even
more game changing for you right like
right now you're probably getting some
high level engagement data but you're
not able to like actually connect it
down to like say your customer list
versus your target account list and like
understand what they're doing versus
what they're not doing
um you know that's at the end of the day
I think when you think about like the
value of an event growth approach versus
like a Content a piece of content unless
you're using a sophisticated content
delivery tool which at the end of the
day then you have to have someone use it
most people just download the PDF or
look at a website page you're getting a
lot less signals right if someone shows
up live
that within itself is a better signal of
intent in my opinion just like if
someone signs up for your product and
uses it then anything else you could do
in kind of marketing today
yeah yeah and you've you've put down an
interesting point there which I'd not
even thought about about the actual what
you can ask for feedback Wise from the
audience during the event which is
something I didn't even think about like
for example I've got quite negative
thoughts of webinars like I've shared
with you so far that from just from
hands-on experience really more than
more so than anything I sign up for
webinar it might be good it might not be
but then regardless you've already put
in your name in your email and then
you're probably getting chucked into a
sequence with an SDR or a bdr and
they're gonna kind of drip feed you
emails until you eventually book a demo
or maybe they close you off their list
um but it sounds like what you're
sharing Mark is so much more than that
and actually making the event
interactive and
perhaps we should just go into let's
let's just go into the process then in
that case because we're kind of beating
around the bush at the moment so we'll
talk about kind of what to do in the
event and kind of some of your tips and
best practices for how you can actually
make an engaging one and get useful
insights and data to help with um go to
market now
if someone wants to
take an event-led growth approach before
they jump into the actual practicals
what are some of the let's say the
groundworks the first steps that you
should look to have in place
I mean step one is always The Who and
the why who are you trying to design an
event around and then why would they
show up and why would they engage and
then why are you doing the the webinar
right so
goes back to the rule of like you spend
like 3x or 4X the amount of time
preparing for a sales call versus
executing a sales call I'm not sure
that's the exact number but it's
something like that it's the same thing
for an event
um spend more time planning it doesn't
have to be a big lengthy long event but
the who matters and then the other part
of the who is who's going to host it
the key with all these like webinars now
is you have to have people that
actually give a damn
they actually have to like be excited
about the topic have passion for it have
real expertise
um
be okay with cracking jokes making some
mistakes engaging the audience like you
can't if you're just talking at people
to video forget it it's not you don't
need a live event you're not a live
event for that if you're not
thinking entertainment like you're an
Entertainer if you will and you're
trying to Captivate someone's attention
yeah those webinars are going to suck
I'll be straight up honest right like
they're not going to be interesting you
know and just just record a podcast or
record a video and call it a day at the
end you know and you'll probably you
know won't have the greatest engagement
on that either because you're not
passionate or enthusiastic but the key
is who is representing the brand who is
the brand now go back to people first
versus the brain of the platform right
the brand is helping you host the
webinar
why are we hosting this webinar well
because airmeat exists you know airmeat
helps people put on premium webinars and
dynamic events cool
but but airmeat is just like the The
Entity that was created by people so
people at the end of the day need to be
the ones to up their webinar game yeah
technology can help technology
definitely does help
um but so much of it is predicated off
the fact that you got to do it you have
to have a two-way
two-way experience with the audience
versus most webinars are very push not
pulled and they're just one way right
and it's very very boring and dull
okay all right
would you agree again like do you feel
like that's yeah yeah I mean I haven't
sat on many recently but certainly
during covid like before
when I was in the early days of setting
up this podcast and just sitting on
Simon also being like I've lit I was
also invited on panels over the years I
don't do many these days but I've
literally been on a panel on a webinar
to talk about I don't know the state of
marketing and I was just giving like
website and SEO tips
um and the other panelists were
literally just pitching their product
and I was like you're just gonna drive
people away like you're you're literally
giving a call to action to your offer
every five seconds you're telling people
to go onto your website it's making me
cringe I I tried to think what the
people tuning in to this webinar like
setting aside time on their day or
thinking like what is going through your
mind to do this and like you say it goes
back to
understanding the the what you're trying
to do with the the offer with the the
live show
um who your audience is having a host
that actually has Hands-On expertise
um that's going to be engaging to to the
audience is not going to crack under
pressure as what you'll find is you will
get thrown some curveballs on these kind
of shows as well with audience questions
and stuff like that so that's that's
certainly a fair point I'd say
yeah I mean people just have to um
be okay with it not being perfect I mean
that's the reason why I love live
anything the authenticity about a live
show where they used to do a lot of TV
shows live
so good it's so so good right
um it also may it forces you to prepare
more to some degree because you're like
well it's live it's live so you have to
be
as on top of your game as best you can
um but no I mean again a lot of these
things like people think oh the
marketing team has to deliver webinars
the marketing team might have to enable
the webinar to happen
but the market team in many cases should
not be the ones actually speaking on the
webinars that should be someone from
your engineering team maybe product team
other teams like where they actually
have the expertise the the experience it
should be customers it should be people
in
your industry
um creators right that are that are
like you said the experts or the people
that have an audience that listens to
them that cares about them like get them
to be the people in your webinars right
if you if I could if I could have
someone who you know I put in contract
every quarter to do a webinar if I
wasn't selling to marketers if I was
selling to an audience where I wasn't an
authority who had nothing to do you know
with understanding it that well I would
just have some contract on my marketing
team to be the host who has a really
huge audience or decent audience in that
space and work with them like that's
that's another example of like company
versus versus people first right the
company you think oh I gotta host it no
no you just you just enable it to happen
you don't host it because you don't have
any expertise I mean you have expertise
but you're like you know your brand at
the end of the day right like you need
to pull someone in who actually is the
expert
yeah yeah it makes sense and in terms of
the the why so
in terms of what what do you recommend
because I know if you're trying to pitch
these such an idea to probably to your
leadership or your c-suite team
ultimately they're going to want to know
what Revenue it's going to produce
um but is there another mindset or
approach you should take when you're
setting up a strategy like this I.E this
is what the short-term outcomes we
expect and these are some of the
long-term outcomes we expect when
setting up an event led great strategy
yeah yeah I mean it's all about that
audience definition why you're doing it
and then you know where does the um what
is the topic that you pick you know
what's the topic and experience that
you're trying to create where does that
fall in like the buying cycle
right so for example if you do a a
webinar or event on something that's
very like thought leadership like that's
that's nothing to do with your brand
product Etc
um we're doing one tomorrow in fact with
with Nick Ben and I we're talking about
how
he and I
I how he joined Arabic how he and I
worked together for many many months on
okay the interview process right that
that's just all we're trying to do there
is generate emails and have have a have
a decent quality fit of those emails
when it comes to an account standpoint
pipeline might come way down the road we
might influence a pipeline or even
influence Revenue you know number it
some way but that's not the primary
objective right versus hey we're doing a
live group demo every week which we're
going to be starting soon that's gonna
be like no we're booking meetings and
opportunities from this live group demo
that is the outcome so you know that's
the other thing when you think about
event-led growth or product growth any
of these core go to market motions
where does it fit into the customer
journey and how does that moment in time
relate to the audience and then in the
events you know event on growth space
it's like the topic the topic isn't
going to dictate is going to dictate a
lot of the the actual outcome you're
trying to drive
um so yeah you got you gotta align five
or six things we're actually creating a
whole template for people to use soon it
will be live uh you know sometime in q1
where you're going to be able to plan an
event out within like a one-page
template that's going to help you make
sure all of the key things are aligned
so that at the end of the day you do
Drive some type of business outcome but
I the the question of sourced are you
trying to Source something versus
influence something
you know keep you know that's that's
software based attribution if you look
at your like uh self-reported
attribution
you might you'll definitely see some
different things too you'll you'll
definitely see some different things um
we see uh events as being the second
biggest source of self-reported
attribution for us behind uh organic
Google
okay very interesting and is it fair to
say that if you're gonna adopt this
strategy you should go into it with very
much a long-term mindset just like maybe
setting up a podcast that's perhaps not
live that over time if you do it right
you can
talk to a specific segment of your
target audience you can give them
educational content entertaining content
and over time when they're ready you're
positioning yourself as the kind of
go-to brand in your space is it a
similar kind of concept
well yeah because the first thing you
have to ask yourself is like are we are
we accepting the fact that it's harder
and harder to reach people because
there's more competition Channel dilute
um delusion has happened
uh so many things are changing in B2B go
to market
um it's it's and so many things are
putting pressure on B2B go to market so
like if you if you believe that and say
I want to change then you're going to
have to use some of these new approaches
like community-led or event led or
product LED and yeah you're gonna have
to invest in them
for a good amount of time to see to see
you know momentum and returns I mean you
could do a couple of these things as
experiments but I'm pretty confident
after you do a couple of things you know
you'll you'll see success product growth
is actually harder you're kind of you
know do experimentation around because
it's such a big investment right when
you think about some of these different
ways you go to market some are actually
easier to try and see if it worksources
others available it's very easy to try
um but again it requires you to think
about how you do events differently how
you collect that data differently and
how you actually use the data as part of
your marketing your sales or CS function
um because yeah what we see is we you
know we have people coming to our events
about you know all the time right we
have three events this week our sales
people will just kind of just hey say
hey great to see you at this event right
now hope you're enjoying it let me know
if you need any help just you know talk
again in a few weeks or like whatever
the next meeting is like it's just a
touch point you know Forester says 27
touch points are needed before someone
becomes a customer now 27.
so like you know are you gonna have
someone down with 27 pieces of content
probably not
you're gonna need to diversify that you
know
yes it's a lot
um
but with that you you alluded to do that
you're alluded it to it then Mark
um so I'm sure a lot of people are
thinking this this all sounds good and
well but I know for a fact I can adopt
with my let's say a B2B tech company I
can adopt the sales LED approach and I
can hire a few sdrs reach out to my
context contact start building
conversations and drive pipeline I can
do a marketing-led approach
build an inbound engine SEO PBC review
sites you name it collect High intent
prospects ready to talk to sales today
product LED approach like you say
probably more of an investment
you've got to build out the solution so
it's freemium free trial and then a
small percentage of those are convert
into paid users so typically quite a lot
more investment groundwork
um either externally or in-house
how does how does this Stack Up
um is it something you should do as part
of the all of that in one as a mix is it
something you can do alone and and see
growth from or what are your thoughts
there
oh yeah do both you can do it alone you
can do it together I I would argue
content-led which you called marketing
letters is not something you can see
quick results with I mean PPC is
different than
inbound marketing right like versus you
know content marketing organic content
right like both those channels are super
crowded these days more expensive than
ever it takes a long time to see results
uh an event you can get results right
away right especially if you do it in
partnership with another person or
another brand or both you're both
driving leads you're both driving
promotion of it uh you're both kind of
participating in it you get
immediate results right even before the
event happens because you're getting
people to sign up then you get data on
people who show up then you get data on
people who how much they engage then you
get data on who watches the replay
that's four different ways you can get a
quick result versus content
that that's not gonna be that quick I
can I can guarantee you that um and then
you can take the event and turn it into
content sales lead
it's getting a lot harder all the
numbers that I've looked at and I see it
on our own dashboard dashboards
especially this is a tough economy
way more spam way more generic messages
way less ways to get in front of people
I mean you got to use some advanced
technology you got to do
account based intent targeting you got
to do buyer intent targeting you gotta
you know just the old way of like just
just you know emailing people like
calling them up and trying to get their
attention that way it's becoming a lot
lot harder could you use event lead
growth to supplement that absolutely can
you use event growth to get to content
faster yeah because you can start with
events and then turn them into content
or if you have content turn those those
pieces of content into an event because
then you can get more information about
your audience who really who really
really cares about this topic because
again they're willing to give you time
during a specific day during their week
to actually show up and listen right the
people again listening live to this
those might be some of your biggest fans
best customers Sam because they're
showing up right now on a Monday
um so yeah I mean it's it's uh it's
interesting right it's it's interesting
when you compare it to like different
things
yeah I want you to get into
um share with us now what would be quite
useful as well is how can we get our
ideal clients to make sure they actually
event attend some of these events and
secondly how can we collect that data
that you mentioned
I.E not just your standard name and
email for signing up but you mentioned
like during the event make it
interactive what are some tips to
actually get useful insights and then
leverage those insights onwards for the
sales process
yeah I mean the the first thing is all
about the topic and the guests and what
you're promising them so how you create
like an actual run of shown agenda how
you actually explain to them hey we're
going to be playing some games we're
gonna have some live music we're gonna
do a break we're going to keep it fast
moving Dynamic the people matter a lot
though it goes back to the guests right
um You got to think of the event as a
product so you're marketing the product
if you will right the product is an
experience
um hey we're going to be announcing a
new piece of content at the event or
announcing a new feature or you know you
gotta you gotta incentivize them in some
way we're not going to record it
whatever right like get them to show up
the second piece I'll just selfishly
saying just use airmates because we help
you track all that stuff really easily
and we'll help you make sure the event
is set up from the beginning with that
in mind hey what are you trying to
capture from an event standpoint with
your attendees okay great why are you
trying to capture that how is that going
to help one of your different go to
market teams
um so yeah I mean you just have to again
plan like what are you looking to to
learn learn about this audience or what
are you looking to do
um because you're doing this event like
long term maybe it's about getting
product feedback maybe it's more voice a
customer type event uh maybe it has
nothing to do with meetings or revenue
and you're trying to collect information
about upcoming features we do that a lot
too we do that every six months we show
the roadmap and say what do you folks
think we get
hundreds of data points around how
people react to when we share a new
feature how many emojis do they use how
do they respond do they leave comments
like that stuff is gold right versus
another feature we launched or announce
and like no one really cares about it so
it goes back to the intentionality you
have to give to some of these things
just like a good product like growth
strategy or sales like growth strategy
is being intentional and being focused
but I think a lot of people like think
events or content is like oh as long as
we do it everything's going to be fine
but you can't that's not the way anymore
you can't do it yeah these days yeah
yeah I like the idea of getting live
feedback at scale as well so not
necessarily just doing this with the
idea of booking more meetings for your
sales team and as a massive follow-up
project but like you said that those
other angles were interesting like if
you're thinking of producing new
features or changing your offer or
adding a new offer or hitting a new
target market or something like that to
get that live feedback at scale from
your target market is invaluable right
yeah huge huge I mean massively valuable
um
and you could do it through interactive
ways through games kahoot uh through
Jeopardy Style game there's so many ways
you could play fun games in online
events now
um and actually I would argue that
sometimes an online event creates more
audience participation
than an in-person event because again if
you're if your in-person event is mostly
just someone talking at the audience
why would I show up to that that's just
a video like or I could just do that
live online like I'm not going to many
in-person events anymore that are just
people presenting to an audience that is
in my opinion pretty
pretty like 2019 experience it's kind of
like those days are gone
yeah yeah yeah
um and in terms of actually you
mentioned a few points just now Ben some
actually marketing these
Live Events is it something we have to
stick ad spend behind have you found you
can still get enough of the right
attendees from perhaps just posting on
social to an email list or what are some
recommendations there
I mean doing promotion with with
Partners is important doing promotion
through influencers and creators is
important uh promoting it via your
website usually a highly underrated
thing people don't focus enough on email
those would be way my top four or five
before paid anything paid
um
I mean if it's a very targeted event you
might do some stuff with paid if you can
really dial in your paid using something
like six cents or demand base and you
get some really good targeting going on
um some of the best ways to do this is
through your SDR bdr AE team like get
them to get people to register I can't
tell you how many people register for
our events at air meet in my past
companies through just Outreach through
your AES bdrs AMS like huge Channel like
yeah to me it's it's less about
um
it's it's rethinking all these different
ways you thought go to market was was
valuable over the last five ten years
it's like no no it's like how do we go
people first right a lot of those things
I just mentioned were like a people
first right if you send an email don't
make it a blast vanilla brand email make
it come from the host of the event and
have people reply like we do that at Amy
now we have the hosts or people out
speaking at the event have the email
come from them we get 10 to 15 replies
back not to mention a lot more people
signing up so
yeah some nice tips and and to wrap up
we touched on it a little bit but what
are your recommendations gonna post live
show Mark in terms of getting best bang
for your buck so let's say we've done
the live event any best practices around
then repurposing re-packaging
yeah yeah I mean you definitely want to
like you know do all those things that
people talk about I mean I I think it's
about like well what what do you want
um
the the audience
who showed up reversal didn't show up
but the people who did show up if you
put them into kind of three categories
low medium high intent what do you want
the ideal people that are showing High
intent to do next based off of like
again who they are are they your ideal
customer are they part of are they your
customer ready not a customer medium
attempt low intent right we have
capabilities inside of every that allows
you to segment your event audience and
create different email follow-ups
and different ways to then give that
data to the different account owners on
your team to follow up with them you
know for high intent I would treat them
very differently than people with low
intent uh when it comes to you know
segmentation so again if you're not
looking at your data like that you
probably need a better piece of
technology to help you you know get that
data
cool cool man um and then the other
unusual
tips that we have or any other unusual
vantages before we wrap things up that
we've not covered the people might not
expect that can actually be brought to
the table from Live Events
an event like rose strategy
I mean like this is interesting right
this is an example of like uh
well I guess I guess the only live
audience is through linked in there you
don't have an audience within within
stream yard but um you know I mean
that's that's an interesting take too
like tomorrow we're doing an event
that's going to be hosted on Army so
people can engage and experience things
on airmeat and then they could also see
it via LinkedIn so like where you can do
YouTube or Facebook so that allows you
to kind of have you know a bigger reach
maybe but then also better participation
engagement data Etc intent data about
your audience so I you know I see a lot
of people doing that but they're
probably not doing it in the best
possible way because they're missing one
part of that equation
um so anyway that's just some thoughts
there I I think yeah don't don't be um
don't be afraid to try things I'm
telling you like what's the Worst That
Could Happen uh
you learn something I mean I don't know
I yeah webinars definitely have this
negative connotation
um
at the end of the day though like the
webinar has got to be thought of as as a
term that helps you engage a live
audience online and and then it really
what matters is how you engage the live
audience like how do you actually sell
the product that is the webinar if you
will to the lot to the audience for them
to show up and then participate to me it
all comes down though Sam to like and
you've taught you've talked to a lot of
people on this podcast right you've
spoken to a lot of people
that you know which guests are better or
guests than other guests right you know
like I'm sure you have that barometer in
your head you know and like you can tell
of course of course yeah yeah it's it's
like you say
um I think like you mentioned at the
start strategy is so key
um understanding what actions you want
people to take what you want people to
learn what you want people to understand
what you want them to eventually do and
then you set like you say the host
um and there's a whole discussion around
that whether you do just one house
whether you bring on guests and the
strategy behind that so knowing the
outcomes you want and then actually
producing content that your prospects
that the audience is actually going to
give a damn about when watching or
listening in um rather than just trying
to Ram your company's value prop down
their throat try and give them something
that's going to educate or entertain
them and then um you might have a chance
of building some brand reputation
building some Authority building some
trust then Lifeline lifelong customers
so Mark I want to thank you for sharing
your thoughts enjoyed the chat my friend
with that you've talked a little bit
about it but share more about how people
can access air meat and anything you
else you would like to direct audience
to today
uh yeah just go to airmeat.com you can
connect with me on LinkedIn that's the
place I'm most active these days would
love to chat happy to do like an
event-led growth strategy session to
your point Sam with anyone if you want
to talk about it we witnessed this
firsthand at drift one of the many
reasons why I decided to join air meets
was like we were using an event load
growth strategy at drift before it was
you know coined a term if you will
um so yeah we're always open to help
people so love to connect
nice for a man we'll put all those links
in the show notes at
businessgrowth.marketing and with that I
want to thank you once again for coming
on the show
thank you for having me
no worries and as always if you enjoyed
today's episode a quick rating or review
on Apple or Spotify is appreciated or if
you're on YouTube a quick subscribe goes
a long way and we shall catch you on the
next one for more no BS actionable B2B
marketing tips to grow your business and
grow your Revenue catch you on the next
one